selection_foreground %(selection_text)s
selection_background %(selection)s
background           %(bg)s
foreground           %(fg)s
cursor               %(cursor)s
color0               %(ansi0)s
color8               %(ansi8)s
color1               %(ansi1)s
color9               %(ansi9)s
color2               %(ansi2)s
color10              %(ansi10)s
color3               %(ansi3)s
color11              %(ansi11)s
color4               %(ansi4)s
color12              %(ansi12)s
color5               %(ansi5)s
color13              %(ansi13)s
color6               %(ansi6)s
color14              %(ansi14)s
color7               %(ansi7)s
color15              %(ansi15)s
